feat(hss/hss_agent_install_script): support `hss_agent_install_script` data source (#7033)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/hss_agent_install_script.md

---
subcategory: "Host Security Service (HSS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_hss_agent_install_script"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get HSS agent install script within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_hss_agent_install_script

> Use this data source to get HSS agent install script within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to get the list of HSS agent  installation scripts within HuaweiCloud.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_hss_agent_install_script" "test" {}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `os_type` - (Required, String) Specifies the os type. The valid values are **Windows** and **Linux**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `os_type` - (Required, String) Specifies the OS type. The valid values are **Windows** and **Linux**.
```

> * `os_type` - (Required, String) Specifies the os type. The valid values can be **Windows** and **Linux**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `os_type` - (Required, String) Specifies the os type. The valid value can be **Windows** or **Linux**.
```

> * `os_arch` - (Required, String) Specifies system architecture. The valid values can be **x86_64** and **aarch64**.
>   + If `os_type` is **Windows**, this field can only set to **x86_64**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `os_arch` - (Required, String) Specifies system architecture. The valid value can be **x86_64** or **aarch64**.
  + If `os_type` is set to **Windows**, this field can only set to **x86_64**.
```

* `outside_host` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether it is not HuaweiCloud.

* `batch_install` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether to install in bulk.

> * `type` - (Optional, String) Specifies type. The valid values can be **password** and **ssh_key**.

Reviewer 3: ditto
